-- FOLDER STRUCTURE --
index.php - detects the user's browser (mobil or PC) and includes the correct index file.
index_pc.php - the index file for the PC version of the application
index_mobi.php - the index file for the mobil version of the application

/client  - client files, HTML, JS, CSS->YAML everything that its rendered by the browser goes here. 
/client/js - javascript files
/client/css - css files
	./lib - JS or CSS libraries used.
/client/images - images used within the application

/server - the ajax server, this files process the ajax requests coming from the JS in the client. and use the DB models to retrieve data and format it accordingly.

/models - here resides the classes for each of the DBs used in the application. Each DB or Table within the DB needs its own model, naming convention is:
[DB or Tablename] + DB  <--- first letter should be Uppercase. Class takes the same name as the file. the variable is usually the same name but with the first letter lowercase.
/models/dbfiles - if the application uses JSON or sqlite, the DB files should be stored here. if not then this folder is not needed.

/install - install script, this will run if it exists, it should be deleted in production instances after running it once.

all other files not on this list are development files and can be deleted in a production instance.


-- HOW DOES IT WORK --
The index file includes all other client files based on a parameter passed thru a parameter called "p", so for example: index.php?p=music will load the music.php page 
in the client folder. if "p" is not a valid file, then a defined "main" page will be loaded, the main page could any of them, is defined in the settings. 

All client pages have a corresponding javascript file with the same name, that makes AJAX requests to a server-side php file, with the same name, 
that then uses the DB models (/models/) classes to perform the requested operations in the DBs, the result is always given in the same object that 
has the following structure:

DBModelResponse - isError : bool
				  errorCode: int - if isError is tru this will contain the error code
				  result_json: string - if isError is true this contains a string with the error, if is false then it contains the requested data in json format.

The DB models are classes, that have function to retrieve or change data in the Databases. The server files, use this classes to perform the requested operations and then return that through AJAx to the client.

